and partner and friend knows the
chemist we are hosted in your
Property in your ranch, congratulations
companion open the gate player will
although it does work there, it will not
throw the towel on the shore at least eight
seconds by the fall of the bastille to this
my partner, henrique, start is yours
bené barbosa on the side of paulo de faria no
last gone in carlos edson pepper there
leader in the zetas team ranking
looks to take care of a baby of only 18
year-old bull montani monitor
city ​​of paulo de faria aiming at
Paul for ranks has already been to paulo
to the porter of the Northwest
my right side next to go goás the
dunga take over the country the player
accompanied his arm there, there, fourth wave
for london 2012
on the inside going down before taking
this contact my best friend luísa
de coura looks that ridden the baby boy
that bronze still makes all the difference of
so much this kid is
mounting your tank representing the
brand fusion malanjino paulo emilio or
Taking hottie sent you there.
alan danilo alomar chemo
It worked well with us.
when they move around the front
accompanying by goal scored in the
sensational street getúlio barbosa and colo
would do
the phalanx of the problem and you baby boy da
Team zte stamp on passport more
a 55- step season finale
he entered the final 93% of them
This is the Team Season Leader.
osita did the part of him and the bull had
note 80 culture points
new clothes proposal to see pedro barbosa
in the neighborhood the canopy
It was a way for the singer now goes
Speak what and I 'm suspected to speak
of this group of five visits which
it inflated upon all of a model
another went west of the best animals
national championship that the
champion bar alone
the gold was forced